I think something that kind of makes the Navy different than other branches
is, um, is the uniqueness of some of the job skills that we have
that you'll find. There's a lot of different ratings within the Navy
that have a tendency to be a jack of all trades. You know, they
have a particular job skill that they were trained to do. But as they
move from one community, the next or duty station to duty station,
their roles and responsibilities, their technical skills, those kind
of things improve and and kind of start trickling out and growing
tentacles and you start realizing that Okay, not only do I need to be
good at this, but I also have to be good at that, and you're gonna
get trained and learn how to do that. So I think that's something unique
to the Navy. Is the fact that, um, the flexibility and the jobs
that you do, as well as the adaptive nature and, um, and the asked
to be able to do sometimes more than what you were initially trained
to do. So you'll have those opportunities to I kind of do a variety
of different things